{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Each spot has a history. \
Be part of it.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Improve your skills, get creative, compete for the best \
tricks in each spot and build your personal skate history.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Visualize your tricks\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 A sensor attached to the skateboard tracks the board\'92s motion and visualise its movement in 3D. The visuals create a sequence of the skater\'92s run, showing its curve in the air and how it flows, creating at the same time, a visual breakdown of all the steps involved during that trick. Skaters can see exactly what\'92s going on during their tricks and what they can do to improve their technique.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Leave your mark\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Skaters see the world with a unique creative perspective. They look at a spot\'92s architecture thinking and imagining all the different ways they can skate it. By combining the visuals with a photo of the spot, skaters can share their creativity with the skateboarding community, leaving their personal mark in the spots they go.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Get your score\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 The sensor tracks a lot of data coming from the skateboard. This data can be used to create a score of your tricks so you can keep track of your progress and see what aspects of your skateboarding need more improvement. 
\b \
\

\b0 Score: The score is created based on two parameters: the trick difficulty and the trick performance. The performance of a trick is based on how you executed it, like how fast or how big the trick was.\
\
Leaderboard: Each spot will have a history of all the tricks done there. There will be different leaderboards based on score, trick difficulty or air time. Compete with skaters for the best tricks in each spot!\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Compare your tricks\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 - Give your tricks back to the community\
- use this data for your advantage, learn improve that tricks\
- pick a trick and learn it\
- challenge your friends over a trick\
\
Sharing your tricks is a way to give back to the skateboarding community, as other skaters can use your tricks data in order to get inspired or to improve their technique by comparing their tricks to yours and understanding what they need to do to get better. Skaters can go to any spot, pick a trick from a PRO or any other skater, and try to learn it. They can also challenge their friends over a trick to see who gets the higher score.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 The sensor\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 - What does it have\
- still prototype. It works. Next one smaller.\
\
The sensor is made of an arduino board, a 9dof IMU (accelerometer, gyroscope and magnetometer), a bluetooth module and a battery. It is a prototype version, but proves that the technology works. The final version of the sensor will be small enough to not disturb the skateboarding experience.\
\
}